docs logging configuration: removed dead link and added javadoc reference instead. (#95080)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/setup/logging-config.asciidoc

`cluster.deprecation_indexing.enabled` setting is set to true.

==== Deprecation logs throttling
:es-rate-limiting-filter-java-doc: {elasticsearch-javadoc}/org/elasticsearch/common/logging/RateLimitingFilter.html
Deprecation logs are deduplicated based on a deprecated feature key
and x-opaque-id so that if a feature is repeatedly used, it will not overload the deprecation logs.
This applies to both indexed deprecation logs and logs emitted to log files.
You can disable the use of `x-opaque-id` in throttling by changing
`cluster.deprecation_indexing.x_opaque_id_used.enabled` to false,

> see this class {es-rate-limiting-filter-java-doc}[javadoc] for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
refer to this class {es-rate-limiting-filter-java-doc}[javadoc] for more details.
```
